c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Release\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\daniyal kukda\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Release\WebApplication1.pdb
